@usedefault
@@title Location: ${name}
{{toc: start=3 | depth=2}}

{{location}}

{% if id %}
h3. Location: ${name}

{{actions:
- display: Update Location
  action: /restmachine/cloudbroker/location/update
  data:
   locationId: ${id}
  input:
   - label: New Name
     name: name
     type: text
   - label: API Url
     name: apiUrl
     type: text

- display: Check VMs
  action: /restmachine/cloudbroker/grid/checkVMs
  refresh: false
  showresponse: true
  data:
   gid: $$gid

- display: Purge Logs
  action: /restmachine/cloudbroker/grid/purgeLogs
  data:
   gid: ${gid}
  input:
   - age

- display: Sync Available Images
  action: /restmachine/cloudbroker/iaas/syncAvailableImagesToCloudbroker
  data:
   gid: ${gid}

- display: Sync Stacks
  action: /restmachine/cloudbroker/computenode/sync
  data:
   locationId: ${id}


- display: Add New VM Size
  action: /restmachine/cloudbroker/iaas/addSize
  data:
   gid: ${gid}
  input:
  - label: Name of the size
    name: name
    type: text
    placeholder: required
    required: true

  - label: Number of vcpus
    name: vcpus
    type: number
    placeholder: required
    required: true


  - label: Memory in MB
    name: memory
    type: number
    placeholder: required
    required: true


  - label: Sizes of bootdisk in GB
    name: disksize
    type: text
    placeholder: comma , sperated, ints
    required: true


- display: Delete Unused VM Size
  action: "#deletesize"

}}

{{ deletesize }}

@row

@col 4
h5. Active Accounts
{{nraccountgauge id:1 locationid:${id} width:100 height:100}}
@colend


@col 4
h5. Free IPs
{{nrfreeipsgauge id:5 locationid:${id} width:100 height:100}}
@colend

@col 4
h5. Running Virtual Machines
#*From Total Deployed:45*
{{nrvmgauge: id:3 locationid:${id} width:100 height:100}}
@colend
@rowend

@row

@col 4
h5. Active Cloud Spaces
{{nrcloudspacegauge id:4 locationid:${id} width:100 height:100}}
@colend

@col 4
h5. Free Network IDs
{{nrfreenwidsgauge: id:6 locationid:${id} width:100 height:100}}
@colend

@col 4
h5. Running Windows VMs
{{nrwinvmgauge id:2 locationid:${id} width:100 height:100}}
@colend
@rowend


h3. Stacks
{{stacks locationid:${id}}}

h3. External Networks
{{externalnetworks locationid:${id}}}

h3. Virtual Machines
{{vmachines locationid:${id}}}

{% else %}
No Grid provided
{% endif %}
